the word of the Lord came again to me
saying son of man there were two women
the daughters of one mother they
committed harlotry in Egypt they
committed harlotry in their youth their
breasts were there embraced their virgin
bosom was there oppressed their names
Oh hoola the elder and O Halawa her
sister they were mine and they bore sons
and daughters
as for their names Samaria is ojala and
Jerusalem is Ho Halawa ojala played the
harlot even though she was mine and she
lusted for her lover's the neighboring
Assyrians who were clothed in purple
captain's and rulers all of them
desirable young men horsemen riding on
horses
thus she committed her harlotry with
them all of them choice men of Assyria
and with all for whom she lusted with
all their idols she defiled herself she
has never given up her harlotry brought
from Egypt for in her youth
they had lain with her pressed her
virgin bosom and poured out their
immorality upon her therefore I have
delivered her into the hand of her
lovers into the hand of the Assyrians
for whom she lusted they uncovered her
nakedness took away her sons and
daughters and slew her with the sword
she became a byword among women for they
had executed judgment on her now
although her sister o Halawa saw this
she became more corrupt in her lust than
she and in her harlotry more corrupt
than her sisters harlotry she lusted for
the neighbouring Assyrians captain's and
rulers clothed most gorgeously horsemen
riding on horses all of them desirable
young men then I saw that she was
defiled both took the same way
but she increased her harlotry she
looked at men portrayed on the wall
images of Chaldeans portrayed in
Vermillion girded with belts around
their waist flowing turbans on their
heads all of them looking like captains
in the manner of the Babylonians of
Chaldea the land of their Nativity as
soon as her eyes saw them she lusted for
them and sent messengers to them in
Chaldea then the Babylonians came to her
into the bed of love and they defiled
her with their immorality so she was
defiled by them and alienated herself
from them she revealed her harlotry and
uncovered her nakedness
then I alienated myself from her as I
had alienated myself from her sister yet
she multiplied her harlotry in calling
to remembrance the days of her youth
when she had played the harlot in the
land of Egypt for she lusted for her
paramours whose flesh is like the flesh
of donkeys and whose issue is like the
issue of horses
thus you call to remembrance the
lewdness of your youth when the
Egyptians pressed your bosom because of
your youthful breasts therefore o
hallabong thus says the Lord God behold
I will stir up your lovers against you
from whom you have alienated yourself
and I will bring them against you from
every side
the Babylonians all the Chaldeans P
could sha KOA all the Assyrians with
them all of them desirable young men
governors and rulers captains and men of
renown all of them riding on horses and
they shall come against you with
chariots
wagons and war horses with a horde of
people they shall array against you
buckler shield and helmet all around I
will delegate judgment to them and they
shall judge you according to their
judgments I will set my jealousy against
you and they shall deal furiously with
you they shall remove your nose and your
ears and your remnant shall fall by the
salt they shall take your sons and your
daughters and your remnant shall be
devoured by fire they shall also strip
you of your clothes and take away your
beautiful jewelry thus I will make you
cease your lewdness and your harlotries
brought from the land of Egypt so that
you will not lift your eyes to them nor
remember Egypt anymore surely I will
deliver you into the hand of those you
hate into the hand of those from whom
you alienated yourself they will deal
hatefully with you take away all you
have worked for and leave you naked and
bear the nakedness of your harlotry
shall be uncovered both your lewdness
and your harlotry I will do these things
to you because you have gone as a harlot
after the Gentiles because you have
become defiled by their idols you have
walked in the way of your system
therefore I will put her cart in your
hand
you shall drink of your sisters cut the
deep and wide one you shall be laughed
to scorn and held in derision it
contains much you will be filled with
drunkenness and sorrow the carp of
horror and desolation the cough of your
sister Samaria you shall drink and drain
it you shall break its shards and tear
at your own breasts for I have spoken
therefore thus says the Lord God because
you have forgotten me and cast me behind
your back
therefore you shall bear the penalty of
your lewdness and your harlotry the Lord
also said to me son of man will you
judge ojala and O Halima then declared
to them their abominations for they have
committed adultery and blood is on their
hands they have committed adultery with
their idols and even sacrificed their
sons whom they bore to me passing them
through the fire to devour them moreover
they have done this to me
they have defiled my sanctuary on the
same day and profaned my Sabbath's for
after they had slain their children for
their idols on the same day they came
into my sanctuary to profane it and
indeed thus they have done in the midst
of my house furthermore you sent for men
to come from afar to whom a Messenger
was
sent and there they came and you washed
yourself for them painted your eyes and
adorned yourself with ornaments you sat
on a stately couch with the table
prepared before it on which you had set
my incense and my oil the sound of a
carefree multitude was with her and
Serbians were brought from the
wilderness with men of the common sort
who put bracelets on their wrists and
beautiful crowns on their heads
then I said concerning her who had grown
old in adulteries will they commit
harlotry with her now and she with them
yet they went into her as men go into a
woman who plays the harlot thus they
went into ojala and ojala bar the lewd
women but righteous men will judge them
after the manner of adulteresses and
after the manner of women who shed blood
because they are adulteresses and blood
is on their hands
father says the Lord God bring up an
assembly against them give them up to
trouble and plunder the assembly shall
stone them with stones and execute them
with their swords they shall slay their
sons and their daughters and burn their
houses with fire thus I will cause
lewdness to cease from the land that all
women may be taught not to practice your
lewdness they shall repay you for your
lewdness and you shall pay for your
idolatrous sins then you shall know that
I am the Lord God
[Music]